gh-122631 Add video/3gpp and video/3gpp2 to mimetypes (#122632)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-08-02-20-02-38.gh-issue-122631.p4QdB2.rst

> Add MIME types support for video/3gpp and video/3gpp2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add :mod:`mimetypes` support for video/3gpp and video/3gpp2
```

> Add :mod:`mimetypes` support for video/3gpp and video/3gpp2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add :mod:`mimetypes` support for `video/3gpp`_ and `video/3gpp2`_

.. _video/3gpp: https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/video/3gpp
.. _video/3gpp2: https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/video/3gpp2
```
